One could say that the heart is almost the meeting point between the sperm and the ovum, symbolically.
It will be its pattern that will set itself, but it even sets itself on a polarity plane.
Then, the second time something really interesting appears is at the level of my primitive streak.
The remnant below S2, since I know that S2 is the terminal point
of my notochord, so of the two of the ensens, if you will.
We will treat it both in its order.
The facial environment, we will treat it in its developmental movement.
Afterwards, we will see it reintegrate secondary neurulation,
when it's the closure and the establishment of the small pelvis.
Secondary neurulation is this space between the filum terminale and the caudal bud,
and the part of a differential growth of the neural tube part by
in relation to the anterior endoblast.
With an opening of the lumen.
Embryonic fulcrum.
But here, at the mesoblastic level, but at the same time at the heart level too.
You see here, I am in this wave with my primitive streak, so I know that this will end
in S2.
Here already, I have a primitive cardiac force, the presumed location in the
epiblast.
It's part of the heart's potential. That's where I found it earliest.
Epiblast, DN5, primitive streak. Cells.
cardiogenic cells that are at the level of the epiblast.
I'm talking about the presumptive layer of the epiblast,
so I don't have mesoderm yet.
We will find these presumptive laminae here.
Look at the movement, in a growth phase.
Then I will have what is called congestion.
And then I have the integration and the meeting of these two tubes
which are organized from the periphery by the amniotic cavity.
The neural tube, the cardiac tube, the integration of the diaphragm to set up the heart.
At the same time that I have the closure of my neural tube and the integration of the external coelom into
an internal coelom.
I place myself at the earliest point I can find, which
is my primitive streak.
I know that my notochord, it ends at
the level of S2.
What I have between S2 and my...
That's where I have the remnant of my primitive streak.
I have the embryonic fulcrum of the heart
on the coccyx.
So here, the heart rather takes a diastolic posture. Immediately, what I feel is that it wants to seek energy. There's something that will reassure it, in fact. The heart comes to seek much more volume here below. It descends in its movement here. Sometimes it will show me another point, I don't know. That's its fulcrum. Second thing, I have a movement between the brain, now, through cephalization and cardialization, like this. The brain and the heart meet. At the same time, I have a meeting of my two endocardial tubes on the median line. Like that. Then I have the looping of the heart, like this. And to finish, the establishment with the sinusoid of the heart and the arch, so the great vessels, like this. I take my caval axis as a reference, like this. Last thing, on the heart, like this. I look if the heart... wants to express itself on a plane in systole or in diastole facially it seeks more a diastole or more a systole then I can put it in relation here in relation there is that it seeks much more to go towards a horizontality so it will rather go towards a movement
diastolic I can even go and look for the aortic pulse look
what happens here
Here, here, there.
I will integrate it little by little in relation to the developmental movement of the brain.
The first developmental movement of my brain was expansion.
This expansion was dependent on what?
Of the longitudinal axis or the mesenteric axis.
It depends on the vitelline integration, whose remnant will be found on the mesenteric
axis.
Then, I have another level that is important for nourishment, it's the system between the spleen.
And the liver, and then the return to the heart, caval.
Then, I will have an aortic information that will give information with four entry doors. Two entry doors, we will say. One carotid, above, below, vertebral. That is to say that we will integrate, I need to give you more information, the development of the brain with the heart and the medical system. I will work on the brain and I will observe which field should open or not. We will see that we can go into increasingly fine perceptions to determine the dried field. And see that if we work on the carotid system in relation to the heart, by simply giving support points, whether they are embryonic fulcrums or simply support points in the construction, to revitalize the regenerative force. You have a fulcrum, it's the point of emergence, and then you have all the developmental force, for example the integration of your vitelline vesicle into an artery, that's a remnant, it's in the developmental pathway, it's not the embryonic fulcrum. It's between the fulcrum and the finality. We are starting to have little by little the game in which I will start, because after that we will work on specific arteries. The idea is to restore full homeostasis, full electricity, full health. I will touch its origin of its fulcrum which will be found in fact indirectly at the coccygeal level, then which will integrate little by little into its system here by the developmental movement of my autocor. This wave, with this aspiration at the level of the mesoderm, that's really it. That's what you really need to feel. It's information that... restructures, revitalizes, restores strength to the tissue, restores function. The development of embryonic forces is what will allow the development of the main function of the system. The great master for all this will be our diaphragm. It will be to settle well on this diaphragm with three levels. Amniotic cavity on the transverse, thoracic, abdominal plane. which is just this integration like that, you remember, the integration of the coelom, and at the same time, the integration of the brain, the heart, the diaphragm, the posterior part of the peritoneum, to return to the perineum, and to restore by this tilting of the liver, the closure of my white line here, which will give all the urogenital information. That's how it will form. That means that the white line here, There, up to here, it's all the integration of your urogenital plane. It's the final story of your urogenital plane. We will see that there is a white line, up to here, on which we will be able to go and look for concentrations of crystallized time. Because it's a line of probability in relation to the erythrocyte, the formation of your blood cells, so a future, or the plane of the copula. also your future. When you will see that I will have the exit like this in fact at the level of my limbs and at the same time the stretching here, that's how all the genital system
diastolic I can even go and look for the aortic pulse look
what happens here
Here, here, there.
I will integrate it little by little in relation to the developmental movement of the brain.
The first developmental movement of my brain was expansion.
This expansion was dependent on what?
Of the longitudinal axis or the mesenteric axis.
It depends on the vitelline integration, whose remnant will be found on the mesenteric
axis.
Then, I have another level that is important for nourishment, it's the system between the spleen.
And the liver, and then the return to the heart, caval.
Then, I will have an aortic information that will give information with four entry doors.
Two entry doors.
Two entry doors, we will say.
One carotid, above, below, vertebral.
That is to say that we will integrate, I need to give you more information,
the development of the brain with the heart and the medical system.
I will work on the brain and I will observe which field should
open or not.
We will see that we can go into increasingly fine perceptions to determine the dried field.
And see that if we work on the carotid system in relation to the heart, by simply giving support points,
support points,
whether they are embryonic fulcrums or simply support points in the construction,
to revitalize the regenerative force.
You have a fulcrum, it's the point of emergence, and then you have all the developmental force,
for example the integration of your vitelline vesicle into an artery, that's a remnant,
it's in the developmental pathway, it's not the embryonic fulcrum.
It's between the fulcrum and the finality.
We are starting to have little by little the game in which I will start,
because after that we will work on specific arteries.
The idea is to restore full homeostasis, full electricity, full health.
I will touch its origin of its fulcrum which will be found in fact
indirectly at the coccygeal level,
then which will integrate little by little into its system here by the
developmental movement of my autocor.
This wave, with this aspiration at the level of the mesoderm, that's really it.
That's what you really need to feel.
It's information that...
restructures, revitalizes, restores strength to the tissue, restores
function.
The development of embryonic forces is what will allow the development of the main function
of the system.
The great master for all this will be our diaphragm.
It will be to settle well on this diaphragm with three levels.
Amniotic cavity on the transverse, thoracic, abdominal plane.
which is just this integration like that, you remember, the integration of the coelom,
and at the same time, the integration of the brain, the heart, the diaphragm,
the posterior part of the peritoneum, to return to the perineum,
and to restore by this tilting of the liver, the closure of my white line here,
which will give all the urogenital information.
That's how it will form.
That means that the white line here,
There, up to here, it's all the integration of your
urogenital plane.
It's the final story of your urogenital plane.
We will see that there is a white line, up to here, on which we will be able to go and look for
concentrations of crystallized time.
Because it's a line of probability in relation to the erythrocyte,
the formation of your blood cells, so a future, or the plane of the copula.
also your future. When you will see that I will have the exit like this in fact at the level
of
my limbs and at the same time the stretching here, that's how all the
genital system
external, internal, will integrate on this plane of my anterior white line. In fact,
it ends to reconstruct on a plane of blood cells, erythrocytosis
and or gonocytosis.
So, I must move forward.
At some point, you will see that the embryo makes a movement like this.
And then, there is a line of initiation in your life.
It's when I come out, I have to open this line.
And I open this white line.
I initiate myself to life.
There are people, they are still closed at that level.
There are children who try to open up.
But, go see what's happening ahead.
So, the idea will be to restore the correct embryonic fulcrums.
The arterial system, you have to see it as an octopus.
Tomorrow, we will detail a little more this arterial system at the level of the face,
because it is an access door on the trophic plane at the level of the brain.
We will need to understand a little how this carotid system and this vertebral system develop.
So they are two levels, with all the information on the circle of Willis and all
the information with the cerebral.
the anterior, middle, posterior, the sinuses or the brechet or pterygoid valves,
etc.,
which are spaces of equilibrium.
We need a balance between vascular input and
venous return.
And also, we now know that there is a lymphatic system in
the brain.
To eliminate this excess, some of you have lymphatic congestion, I can say,
or...
venous congestion in the brain. We see it in people who are a bit swollen, who are a bit,
you see, a bit emaciated, etc. We see that it doesn't come back. So
here, we have work to do
to rebalance on the venous plane, for example, whether on the superior or inferior caval plane.
This is quite important, because otherwise, it's congestion. It's everything that is sinusitis,
it's everything that is congestion in the ears, it's everything that we can't get out, you see.
I place it well at the level of the coccyx and at the level of the heart.
You place the angle of Louis, vascular trunk of aortic type,
pulmonary, there.
I have the heart here.
I remind you that the heart is on the longitudinal axis.
Only a part of it is dilated to the left.
It is on the longitudinal axis, but with a developmental phase on its apex
of the heart to the left.
So you will place yourself on the longitudinal plane of the heart, like this.
And you will just feel, by giving a fulcrum here, and a point of support on the heart, my attention is in space. Neutral, space, and we let the system organize itself.